Clarify extension dependency instructions for adding a new language (#1903)
cursorless-dev/cursorless: docs/contributing/adding-a-new-language.md

[docs](https://github.com/pokey/vscode-parse-tree/#adding-a-new-language) there
for how to add support for a new parser

## 2. Ensure file type is supported by VSCode

> If you are adding support for a new language that isn't natively detected by VSCode, you will need to add the appropriate extension to the list of dependencies. The list of languages officially supported by VSCode is listed [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/identifiers). You can add the extension to `packages/common/src/extensionDependencies.ts` and then re-run `pnpm init-vscode-sandbox` to ensure it is installed. If you do not do this you will encounter errors when attempting to execute cursorless commands in the next step. See [here](https://github.com/cursorless-dev/cursorless/issues/1895)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are adding support for a new language that isn't natively detected by VSCode, you will need to add the appropriate extension to the list of dependencies. The list of languages officially supported by VSCode is listed [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/identifiers). If your language is in that list, you can skip this step and proceed to step 3. If your language is not in that list, you need to find a VSCode extension that adds support for your language, and add the id of the given extension to [`packages/common/src/extensionDependencies.ts`](../../packages/common/src/extensionDependencies.ts) and then re-run `pnpm init-vscode-sandbox` to ensure it is installed. If you do not do this you will encounter errors when attempting to execute cursorless commands in the next step. See [here](https://github.com/cursorless-dev/cursorless/issues/1895)
```

> If you are adding support for a new language that isn't natively detected by VSCode, you will need to add the appropriate extension to the list of dependencies. The list of languages officially supported by VSCode is listed [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/identifiers). You can add the extension to `packages/common/src/extensionDependencies.ts` and then re-run `pnpm init-vscode-sandbox` to ensure it is installed. If you do not do this you will ing counter errors when attempting to execute cursorless commands in the next step. See [here](https://github.com/cursorless-dev/cursorless/issues/1895)

Reviewer 2: Talon typo
```suggestion
If you are adding support for a new language that isn't natively detected by VSCode, you will need to add the appropriate extension to the list of dependencies. The list of languages officially supported by VSCode is listed [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/identifiers). You can add the extension to `packages/common/src/extensionDependencies.ts` and then re-run `pnpm init-vscode-sandbox` to ensure it is installed. If you do not do this you will encounter errors when attempting to execute cursorless commands in the next step. See [here](https://github.com/cursorless-dev/cursorless/issues/1895)
```
